Hey Ali
Why didn't your boyfriend come to help you move?
That is.
He recently got a new job
I'm busy until one or two in the morning every day.
Don't I feel sorry for him?
If you don't say it well, there is no way.
Youyou, you are so distressed to see that you are not married yet.
It's gotta be married
Just the two of you
Okay, I'll go to the door to see the driver
Otherwise you won't be able to find your way
Then you go and open the room for you.
Oh, dear.
Manager, you son of a bitch
Hey, if I can't get you, I'll destroy you
Adi
Adi, talk to me
Adi, what happened? Adi?
Are you in a hurry?
Ali Ali must not have an accident.
How is Big Brother Ali?
I'll move things downstairs with Arigo
He asked us to check if the car at the door was coming
There we go.
We came back and saw Ali lying in the snow
Hiring a driver
Hurry up and help me
Invite the best experts in the world to Ali
Go to the exhibition
And
Please check out the partnership for me.
Don't be noisy
How is he?
This makes my wife feel bad
May not wake up
Prepare yourself mentally
What can I do?
I want him to be well
My habit
I want to mess with the hospital compared to the funeral